have to shake off at the direction
and then I would like that
the other is with us
blueberries
you are the customers are very important so first we our
Goods as we want to sell my
in order to be adopted and I think the customers have fun there as well
to shop here with us because who have rare things
both data ready
fear his safety
who owns himself
these
this supplier summits also small
pallet wise to buy that
of these 2 in front and if of it
and ours
good reputation does not know anybody rarely get now he is back
and then, though
May on the shelves
Well for him, of course, name Mike's the best that I like right here
I own the business and I can work independently here
and that is one too
and a personal conversation gives something
the supermarkets is not available
and for a simple life Dr I tell the customers just know and
and they also accompany them with their worries and sorrows and that's just what
simple and drum package here with us what we want what I personally very much
nice to find that one
go every day
overlook
People have to
10 9 26 34 4 6 12
17 49 Beat
Kutcher
the sanitation
So this business or whoever the whole house owns us the way we do
make sure that is also very costly certainly
and that is simply great because we Dirk a great
Rent to pay if you would say that would not be profitable